NMS-13472: Update table formatting in docs (continued) (#3564)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/kafka-producer/configure-kafka.adoc

                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable forwarding alarms.
| alarmFeedbackTopic           | alarmFeedback      | Name of the topic used for alarm feedback.
                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable forwarding alarm feedback.
| nodeTopic                    | nodes              | Name of the topic used for nodes.
                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable forwarding nodes.
                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable forwarding topologies.
| topologyVertexTopic          | vertices           | Name of the topic used for topology vertices.
| topologyEdgeTopic            | edges              | Name of the topic used for topology edges.
| metricTopic                  | metrics            | Name of the topic used for metrics.
| eventFilter                  | none               | A Spring SpEL expression (see below) used to filter events.
                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable filtering, and forward all events.

> | alarmFilter                  | none               | A Spring SpEL expression (see below) used to filter alarms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| alarmFilter                  | none               | A Spring SpEL expression (see below) to filter alarms.
```

                                                      Set this to an empty string to disable filtering, and forward all alarms.
| forward.metrics              | false              | Set this value to `true` to enable forwarding of metrics.
| nodeRefreshTimeoutMs         | 300000 (5 minutes) | Number of milliseconds to wait before looking up a node in the database again.

>                                                       Decrease this value to improve accuracy at the cost of additional database look ups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                      Decrease this value to improve accuracy at the cost of additional database lookups.
```

| alarmSyncIntervalMs          | 300000 (5 minutes) | Number of milliseconds at which the contents of the alarm topic will be synchronized with the local database.

>                                                       Decrease this to improve accuracy at the cost of additional database look ups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                      Decrease this to improve accuracy at the cost of additional database lookups.
```
